everybody it's blake with channel
android.com
today we're going to do a look at an
accessory from logitech we have here
Logitech keyboard case for the Samsung
Galaxy Tab 10.1 inch by zag so what we
have here is an aluminum case that fits
on the Galaxy Tab and has a bluetooth
keyboard on the inside now if we take a
quick look at it you see here and here
we have some nice padding also in these
corners to try and protect the device
and let's look at how this thing
functions is a case down and basically
you're going to put your Galaxy Tab flat
just straight down in it you have a wide
opening here and a small little notch
here and if you're familiar with the
device you'll know that it makes sense
for this to go in the wide spot since we
have power and volume and headphone jack
and all these things we need to get down
access to up here on the top and on the
bottom we just have the charging state
of our charging port so we put it down
in the case like so and it sleep tight
what that is how it keeps it in place
push it down in there and there you have
it you have a case that is going to
protect the front of the device just
make sure it's in there good it's got a
nice tight fit a little shake it's not
falling out I'm not holding it with my
fingers it's not falling out it's
secured in there pretty well and then
when you want to get it out
just do it little grab one of these
stuff here and just pull it out
and it fits in there it's nice and tight
very snug and it doesn't feel like it's
gonna fall out I don't know how long
this thing will last I would imagine
that with time the more you use it the
more these its padding on the sides here
that has a little give so that you can
push the device in there maybe with a
lot of time using this device this
accessory maybe it loosens up maybe it
becomes dangerous I don't know but what
I've seen from it so far is very nice it
doesn't protect the back of the device
at all but back the device is not the
most important part so the one other
thing about this keyboard that's nice is
the fact that it sets up as a dock for
your for your tablet as you can see here
there's a little groove and then right
here there's a little place where it
sticks out so it just kind of goes
underneath it and it has a rubber
coating on it so it's not going to
necessarily do anything to mess up your
device thanks to this rubber coating I
didn't notice
after using it for the first time or two
that it would leave a small black mark
on the back of the device down here but
that was pretty much just where the
rubber coating was so maybe after time
that rubber coating starts to wear off
as well don't have time to put that much
into it and find out but that's
something you might want to consider and
yeah so when you put this right here and
type away as far as the keyboard goes if
you saw my review of the logitech
generic type keyboard for all honeycomb
tablets there were some problems with
some of the key presses i haven't
noticed those problems with this
keyboard so that's not something really
be concerned about the keys are tighter
together and a little more cramped than
I'm used to but
obviously space was limited the keys
feel pretty good for the most part it
takes a little getting used to because
it is a different a little bit different
than what you're probably accustomed to
in your keyboard and then up here on the
top we have a on and off switch and they
connect button for when you want to
connect it to the tablet so if you have
a Galaxy Tab and you want a keyboard I
think this may be the way you want to go
there could be some danger maybe in the
future if you have this device for a
long time of it damaging your device
scratching it scuffing it up I don't
really know all I know is right now it
feels good it feels like it will protect
the screen really well it holds the
device well and it's very low-profile
even with the case it doesn't really
feel any thicker than some of the other
tablets that are already on the market
because it's such a low profile case in
addition to the fact that the tablet is
extremely thin so there you have it the
Logitech keyboard case for the Samsung
Galaxy Tab 10.1 inch check it out
and while you're checking things out
head over to the website at channel
Android comm and check out some of our
other reviews thanks